2. Player Details(Array of objects) 

 

[ Note : 

Strictly adhere to the object oriented specifications given as a part of the problem statement. 

Use the same class names and member variable names. 

Follow the naming conventions mentioned for getters / setters. 

Create 3 separate classes in 3 separate files.]  

 

Create a class named Player with the following private member variables / attributes  

Data Type	Variable Name 

String	          name 

String	          country 

String	          skill 

 

Include appropriate getters, setters and constructors.  

Naming Convention :  

getters --- getName,etc...  

setters --- setName,etc...  

 

Include a 3-argument constructor --- the first argument corresponds to the value of name , second argument corresponds to the value of country and the third argument corresponds to the value of skill .  

 

Override the toString() method to display the player details in the format specified in the output.  

 

Create a class named PlayerBO and include the following methods  

No	Method Name	 

Method Description 

1	void displayAllPlayerDetails(Player[] playerList)	In this method, display the details of all players. 

 

Input and Output Format:  

Refer sample input and output for formatting specifications.  

All text in bold corresponds to input and the rest corresponds to output.  

Note : The statement " Player Details" in the output is displayed in the method inside the BO class.  

Sample Input and Output :  

Enter the number of players  

3  

Enter the player name  

MS Dhoni  

Enter the country name  

India  

Enter the skill  

All Rounder  

Enter the player name  

Suresh Raina  

Enter the country name  

India  

Enter the skill  

All Rounder  

Enter the player name  

Michael Hussey  

Enter the country name  

Australia  

Enter the skill  

Batsman  

Player Details  

MS Dhoni               India           All Rounder  

Suresh Raina           India           All Rounder  

Michael Hussey         Australia   Batsman  